This is a reading from Classic Poetry Allowed, giving voice to the poetry of the past.
If you'd like to hear more classic poetry, visit ClassicPoetryAlowed.com
Binsey Poplar's by Gerard Manley Hopkins
My Aspen's dear, whose airy cages quelled, Quelled or quenched in leaves, the leaping sun,
All felled, felled, are all felled, Of a fresh and following folded rank, not spared, not won,
That dandled, a sandaled shadow, that swam or sank, On meadow and river, and wind-wandering weed-winding bank,
Oh, if we but knew what we'd do when we delve Or hue, hack and rack the growing green,
Since country is so tender to touch, her being so slender,
That, like this sleek and seeing ball but a prick, Will make no eye at all, where we even,
Where we mean to mend her, we end her, when we hue or delve,
Aftercomers cannot guess the beauty being, ten or twelve,
Only ten or twelve strokes of havoc unself, The sweet especial scene.
Rural scene, a rural scene, sweet especial, Rural scene.
Thanks for watching!